AUR package (#79)
chapar-rest/chapar: README.md

```

### Installation
#### Install From AUR

> to install chapar form AUR in arch base distro you can use your favorits AUR helpers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Chapar from the AUR on an Arch-based distro, you can use your favorite AUR helper:
```

```bash
yay -S chapar-bin
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this package is maintained by a community contributor. (@Monirzadeh )
```
